over one and a half thousand Christians and with more
than 20 churches filled the big hall
furuncle on paveletskaya topic 2
united assembly sounded like we
God's people in the main unity in
secondary freedom in all any these
three words of blessed augustine steel
the basis of general worship
evangelical christians moscow
region and central Russia she
held on the eve of the national day
unity that once again we struck
Association of Christians of different denominations
professing one faith in one god and
if christians are reflected in many
aspects of past service for children
workers of several churches during
congregations were engaged in children and also for
no singing was heard
whether it’s a single church choir
but it was more true that
to move from the bottom of the church and all the congregation
with them the parts god placed us in different could
be and areas of regions in order to
we did a ministry there but he wants
together to unite and glorify
his name is therefore today really
celebration
real holiday consent and
evangelical unity compared to
last year of organizing a common
the service took longer was
thought out in more detail present
a wider range has been provided
musical direction from the city
modern praise songs every
present could find service what
he was close and clear and this
diversity only complemented unity
divine children divine service held 3
parts that covered the main topic
we are the people of God pastor Leonid Kartavenko
Pastor Sergey preached to the people
punk told the traditions of the people
god alexey klymenko preached
love as belonging to God's people
that those people who were today on
service
they got the inspiration they saw
a wide range of the kingdom of God
they felt that we were many around
brothers and sisters they are different but they love
gentlemen the main unifying factor
christians is part of the commandment
Jesus Christ, Lord's Supper
Juices of Christians from different churches of Moscow and
other cities have fulfilled this commandment
glorifying the redemptive power of God
connecting 6 different people with his
or church dozens of ministers
evangelical churches took the stage
hyun forum to pray together
the unity of the children of God to ask God
bless our country and her power in
end of the pastor's worship
unanimously expressed a desire to do
good tradition annual celebration
unity of evangelical christians house
jesus christ
but
god acted today in my
in my life in my heart in my heart
teams of guys that I saw with me
those eyes i see believe that god and
the hearts of people act superb
presence god thanks for that
event for what we once again
felt that we are one body of christ or
god bless year by year
create this tradition who spoke and
enjoy each other's communication yes
bless everyone
and in the evening, too, the hall gathered dozens
young people from different cities for
youth communication and reflection
calling in life they were presented
three areas of ministry for development
skills and abilities nested between
god of media ministry business ministry and
music service representative
each of them told about his way in
this area and in the end young people
were able to attend one of the meetings
interests for a narrower circle they
met and reflected on further
interaction
informational take spectrum single
worship of evangelical christians
Moscow